Incorporate GAT feedback (#1922)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/connect-to-compute-cluster/tutorial.md

> If you've set up your Galaxy server using the [Galaxy Installation with Ansible]({% link topics/admin/tutorials/ansible-galaxy/tutorial.md %}) tutorial, you will have created a `galaxyservers` group in your inventory file, `hosts`, and placed your variables in `group_vars/galaxyservers.yml`. Although for the purposes of this tutorial, the Galaxy server and Slurm controller/node are one and the same, in a real world deployment they are very likely to be different hosts. We will continue to use the `galaxyservers` group for simplicity, but in your own deployment you should consider creating some additional groups for Slurm controller(s), Slurm nodes, and Slurm clients.
{: .comment}

> ### {% icon tip %} Do you need a DRM?

> > If you have a smaller server, do you still need a DRM? Yes! You should definitely run slurm or a similar option. If you don't as soon as you restart Galaxy with local runners, any running jobs will be killed. Even with <10 users, it is a good idea to keep 1-2 CPU cores/4GB RAM reserved for Galaxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have a smaller server, do you still need a DRM? Yes! You should definitely run Slurm or a similar option. If you don't, as soon as you restart Galaxy with local runners, any running jobs will be killed. Even with a handful of users, it is a good idea to keep 1-2 CPU cores/4GB RAM reserved for Galaxy.
```

>
>    This destination will check that the `user_email` is in the set of `admin_users` from your config file.
>
>    > ### {% icon tip %} Debugging dynamic destinations

> >    > You can use `pdb` for more advanced debugging but it requires some configuration. `print()` statements are usually sufficient and easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > You can use `pdb` for more advanced debugging, but it requires some configuration. `print()` statements are usually sufficient and easier.
```
